today I'm going to be reviewing a case
for the ipad it's called the logitech
folio and it's made of a very nice on a
rubbery texture very nice matte black it
comes in several colors blue red and I
do believe yellow but this is a very
nice case it completely covers all the
buttons of the iPad which is really nice
and I almost kind of make sure I've had
like a microsoft surface and it's got a
really good camera cut out this is your
sleep wake button and it's got a very
generous cut out for your headphone port
there's your microphone slot right there
that's really important your volume up
and down and a your mute or lock or
rotation lock and then it's got a cutout
and right here for your 30-pin dock
connector it still works with your
lightning connector that you have an
iPad for I happen to have a knife I of 3
i'm in a very decent cut out right here
for your volume for your speaker and the
speaker the sound does come out very
well out of it in fact he open it up and
you'll notice that the sleep/wake
function there's a sleep wake function
to it so there's a magnet in there that
allows you to turn on and off using the
sleep/wake function I mean you'll notice
right here that there are three grooves
for it to work as a stand and it stays
in there pretty well it's not the most
snug as these aren't very deep grooves
but they do work very well you almost
notice how Logitech's taken form
and function and it's very well designed
really it's a very beautiful case it
almost looks like make your iPad look
like a Microsoft Surface if you know
what I mean the one complaint I do have
about this case is this if you get in
white the material it's a microfiber
material but it really it does get dirty
when it started to grey a little bit and
I have to try to wash it a lot by he's
in a microfiber cloth with hot water and
kind of scrubbing it down but that does
get dirty so that's something to note
but uh it's a very nice case you can see
it's white accents right here it just
looks beautiful from every single angle
and it's very well designed in that
aspect the only problem that I have with
it is that it does get dirty on the
inside and it's it's not a cheap case
it's about 40 bucks on amazon logitech
sells it for about the same but it isn't
cheap but i bought it because i knew i
wanted something that would protect my
ipad from all sides as you can see it's
completely completely protected and
that's the reason i love this case plus
it it's just unique and design it looks
really good it looks like a folio but
it's very well executed so this is the
logitech folio i'm going to make a
keyboard version called the logitech
fabric skin which i'm actually looking
at getting looks exactly the same except
with a keyboard built into the cover and
it's a very thin keyboard
but that will come up next so thanks for
watching and this is the logitech folio